my name's e and this is my family the
croods Oh been in a cave forever three
days is not forever here's with this
family mom already leave mom still alive
it's still early we never had the chance
to explore the outside world because of
my dad's one rule new is always bad
never not be afraid but what we didn't
know was that our world was about to
change get to the keg
you really need to see this
we should go there no
where are we I'm not sure dad I'll take
care of this I'm loving this I'm guy
this is belt we need to leave
immediately the world is ending what
everything we're standing on right here
will be gone I'm calling it the end okay
guy now what I can help you come with me
it's too far I'll never live long enough
to get there let's do it John just think
her whole family packed together on a
long trip across country we gotta move
faster I call them shoes
beautiful
DreamWorks the cream is that fire it's
biting me try higher you from it in the
toll dry grass
Oh